Update (#112)
mspnp/cloud-design-patterns: async-request-reply/README.md

   }'
   ```

   The response will be something like:

   ```bash
    HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
    Content-Length: 155
    Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
    Date: Wed, 13 Dec 2023 20:18:55 GMT
    Location: http://<appservice-name>.azurewebsites.net/api/RequestStatus/<guid>
   ```

>    Open a browser and execute the location url, a file with the data you have send would be received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Using a browser open the url from the *Location* field in the response. A file with the data you have sent will be downloaded.
```
